# The ERGOS Way

While there are some other rules we follow when writing scripts for RMM, these are some of the standards we try to adhere to in general when writing scripts. 
## Scripting Standards

- Scripts should be written legibly, so that any amateur should be able to read your code. This means not using shortened cmdlets. Visual Studio Code will identify scenarios where your commands can be expanded, follow the advice. 

- Document your code in-line. Having a header block at the top that explains your goal is great, but if you are not adding commentary in the same spot where complex operations take place, you are doing a disservice to the rest of the team. 

- If an external module is needed, be sure that any and all imports are placed at the top of the script, above script purpose and documentation. Additionally, your script should test that any imported module exists/functions before calling it inside of the script.

- All scripts that are to be run via RMM should have an echo, Write-Host, or similar with the statement "[INFO] This script has been written by ERGOS Technology Partners for execution by RMM".

```powershell
Write-Output "[INFO] This script has been written by ERGOS Technology Partners for execution by RMM."
```

- Commit messages should at least *attempt* relevance to the work performed. 

- If your script is meant to *perform an action*, it should also *check that the action was successful*. 

- Generative AI is a powerful tool, especially when used in the context of scripting and programming. However, AI is not without flaw. **Do not run code generated by AI without an understanding of what the code is going to do.**